How will you feel when all we came here to do is finally completed?
No doubt we will find a moment to reflect on the words of Philippians chapter 2 and verse
13.
Yes, Drahova energised us and gave each and every one of us both the desire and the power
to act.
How has sharing on this project affected your life?
It all started over seven years ago.
Can you imagine how excited you're going to be when we hear that the new branch facility
at Chelmsford has been approved by the City Council?
Well guess what?
Yesterday afternoon we received the approval.
Whilst the buildings are beautiful, at the end of the day they are just buildings.
The really special part of this project has been the people.
Even non-witnesses saw that something special was taking place on our side.
It's a very friendly state to work on.
It's just our friendly one.
It's all keen.
I find it mind-blowing.
In a negative, sometimes society, when you come here, it just puts a smile on your face.
A truly unexpected success was the visitor centre.
How we underestimated the appreciation
Jehovah's people have for theocratic activities.
Visitors from all around the globe witness the activities of Jehovah for themselves.
This is partly why I'm actually studying the Bible to get baptized.
Because when I came here, just hit me somewhere.
Me and Alicia can't see, so everyone's been so encouraging and thoughtful.
We really feel like Jehovah's with us and he supported us.
I really liked the ladies driving tractor.
Everyone wanted to have a part in the project.
Every single contribution warmed our hearts and sometimes our heads too.
Another beautiful project highlight was the day volunteer programme.
The effort and expense brothers and sisters sacrificed reminded all of us
what that privilege it is to work for Jehovah.
And how about the commuters who helped on the project?
Would the BRD family have had the same spirit without our commuters?
Don't you just love being a part of this amazing family?
We will regularly remind it that spirituality is of the utmost importance.
Did you ever say that a monthly meeting was the best one yet?
What lies outside the comfort zone is the faith zone.
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
What is your story?
The centre of all of our stories is Jehovah.
He is the one who energised us.
He is the one who gave us both the desire and the power to act.
He is the one we can thank for the lifelong friendships we have formed,
the training we have received and the challenges we've been able to overcome.
Remember your story.
Really, it's only just beginning.